anyway we're in the kitchen now closed
let's go and do some business here what
we're going to do is what they all do in
Texas is grill some steak and make a
barbecue sauce and have a little slip
but first of all straight to visitors on
the ingredients for a Texan barbecue
sauce butter pepper onions Worcester
sister Shire sauce
multi nagar lemon juice Tabasco sugar
water garlic and catsup all I have to do
because it is terribly simple although
very very important because they don't
take any prisoners here in Texas if they
want a steak they want it tasting really
good and because of the Mexican
influence they like things a little bit
spicy right so first things first in
with the tomato catsup as we call it
here as I say America hasn't affected me
in any way whatsoever at all it's all
going perfectly well so quite a dash of
Worcestershire sauce
stir that in I can see some of you
guessed naughts at home running what has
happened to our dear Floyd tomato
ketchup what's the sauce and now wine
vinegar into all of this anyway this is
Texas and we're going for it right a
load of chopped onions into there like
that no problems a cup of lemon juice
freshly squeezed of course dash of
Tabasco there we are
you could use this for stripping the
paint off things I wouldn't be surprised
and a load of sugar put in there and
some garlic into there like that a knob
of butter did I put the pepper in I do
pepper in so we put some butter in then
the pepper say half a tea booty spoonful
like that stir it around whack it off
the gas and wasn't that a brilliant
Julie that was a whole take right from
the top of those stairs right into the
kitchen
it's the sort of thing that most
television cookery programmes don't do
and even quite a lot of feature films
can't get right anyway what do I deserve
is a little drink yet so what do you
drink when you are in Texas you drink
margaritas margaritas are demon little
things and when you've been walking up
and down stairs like I have all morning
trying to get one take right you deserve
one it's very simple you take some
triple sec and you pour quite a lot of
it as much as you feel like into one
goodness me this is Texas and they've
got these mean little pours on the top
right you pour triple sec into your
little hand-blown jug like that and
equal quantities of tequila which is
made from the agave plant I was liking
from cactus but never mind so equal
quantities of that this is looking good
yes that smells quite good
then limes real real limes pains taking
me and lovingly crushed so you have them
like that limes into there and then
bicycles and icicles twice as nice as
bicycles a load of ice goes into that
cut we've got an expert in the crew here
on these margaritas she in fact is the
world champion drinker of them and she
says there should be no sugar in that
some people say there should be a little
so you know tex-mex let's wet high that
the salt will the sugar that's the sugar
a little bit of sugar in there little
stir around okay then have you ever
wondered and here's a useful thing for
entertaining at home and I know you all
have these dinner parties on Saturday
night how do they get the salt round the
top of the glass for a perfect margarita
you know how to do over here client they
dip glass into some lime juice like that
then they whack it over to where the
salt is carefully placed on the thing
there turn it around and it's full of
salt which is essential for a margarita
the other essential thing is to taste it
because if it ain't good enough to cook
with it ain't good enough to drink
welcome to Texas